[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SONJA GRACE: My
name is Sonja Grace.
I'm an author, mystic
healer, and spirit traveler.
My research is I spirit
travel to sacred sites
all over the world and
uncover who created them,
who the people were,
what happened there,
what ceremonies
they did, and what
messages did they leave for us.
I have four books that
I've published so far.
The most recent and most
relevant is "Spirit Traveler."
This book is all
about the real truth
of what happened in history.
We have defined history
through politics and religion
and whoever is running
the region at the time.
And I wanted the truth.
I wanted to go back in time
and learn what happened,
who built it, why they built
it, who are the people that
live there, and what are
the ceremonies and rituals
that they did at that time.
What I do when I
go to these sites
is I literally go into
meditation and dissolve.
My whole body
completely dissolves.
There's nothing left.
And my guides then
take me to these sites.
I never travel without them.
It's really my guides
who are helping
me get to where I'm going.
And actually, they
take me back in time.
So I'm time traveling.
I was born this way.
When I was 12, I had a
really profound experience
where the entire spirit realm
walked through my bedroom.
And I knew at that point
that I was really different
from everyone and that
I needed to pursue this.
I was obviously, as a
child, under the direction
of my parents.
And my mom had put me in
ballet class when I was five.
So I trained as a
classical ballerina.
And I actually danced
professionally for a decade.
And I really found
that although that
seemed it was taking me off
track from doing healing work,
it was exactly what I needed.
It grounded me, and
it really taught me
about defying time and space.
Some of the most important
things that I've learned
is that we are not alone.
We have had help since
the beginning of time.
And what I was shown is
that 12,000 years ago,
these huge portals opened
up all over the Earth.
Right as the Ice
Age was retreating,
all of these big portals opened.
We all came through during
Atlantis and Lemuria.
And star beings or
demigods came through.
And they helped define humanity.
There are many alien
groups, extraterrestrials,
coming through to the planet.
Some have bodies.
Some don't have bodies.
They're inhabiting human bodies.
Lots of the wars and
conflicts in our world today
are actually these groups
fighting within human form.
And we forget that.
We tend to be so immediate
and looking at a situation
as, oh, it's these people, when
in fact our world, our galaxy,
our universe is
incredibly complex.
And there's so much going
on in the unseen world.
So these beings have a place
here, as much as we do.
I often give the example
of a parasitical world.
We've got animals running
around with parasites and fleas
and things that we don't see.
It's the same.
We have this unseen world
with angels, aliens, guides,
everything you can
think of, entities
that are here with us as much
as we're here in physical form.
I've spirit traveled to many
places all over the world,
to Wanaku, Chichen Itza,
the Temple of Kukula Khan,
Skellig Michael, all over
Europe, around the world.
And these places all
hold different stories,
different energies,
and different star
beings that have helped create
the different societies.
The most interesting
was Stonehenge.
It was really amazing.
There was nothing on the land.
There were no stones.
It was just bare land.
And the beings came through.
And I call them
the ancient ones.
And they told me what happened.
They showed me as if
it was a hologram how
the different
structures were built
as Stonehenge was evolving.
First the land is barren.
Then, there's branches and
rocks placed around it.
Then I see different, you
know, people coming in
and the beginnings
of the ceremony
that they taught the people,
which was a fertility rite
ceremony.
Although we know from history
and the archaeologists who
have studied the
site that the burial
mounds next to Stonehenge
imply that it was used
for some kind of
death ritual, in fact,
it wasn't, it was used
for fertility rites.
The high priestesses
that they trained
were the ones that brought
through the star beings.
They're the ones that
procreated with the pleiadians
to bring through these people.
And as it progressed, the
pleiadians, or star beings,
they eventually around 4000 BC
placed the large sarsen stones
to make up Stonehenge.
And the reason
they did this is it
was their last
message to the people.
But they did not come back.
They used to come and
spend time with the people
at equinox and solstice.
But this was the last
time that they were here.
And so the people kept
doing the ceremonies.
But as time went by, they
started to lose their faith.
They started to lose
their connection.
And they started burying the
high priestesses and the elite
next to Stonehenge in hopes
that they would find the gods
and bring them back through.
There still is a lot of
energy in those stones.
Those star beings,
or the ancient ones,
they infused those
stones with energy
that comes through the portal,
of which Stonehenge is.
It's a massive portal.
The stones themselves
mark a smaller portal that
is within a much bigger portal.
And scientists have
recently discovered
stones that are
much bigger that are
buried under Salisbury Plain.
So it's a much larger site.
But Stonehenge itself had
these large sarsen stones
placed by the ancient ones,
so that people would remember
them, infused with that energy.
And what they wanted
the people to remember
is the ceremonies
that they taught them.
They wanted them to remember
that the goddess, or the Earth,
is the most sacred of all.
And that that's what everyone
should be connecting with
and basically taking care of.
When I actually
physically went to the UK
and visited Stonehenge,
we had a driver who
was an amateur archaeologist.
And he listened to me talk
about Stonehenge and that I felt
and my spirit
traveling had shown me
the sarsen stones were
placed around 4000 BC.
He was just shocked.
And he said, I went on
a dig with a whole crew
here in Salisbury Plain.
And he says, we
discovered the tooth.
And he said, Sonja,
that changed history.
That changed everything.
He says, because scientists
and archaeologists
believed the stones were
placed around 2300 BC.
They feel that, you
know, between 2000, 2500,
that's when they were placed.
And he said, they'll have to
rewrite all the history books,
because this tooth proves
that there was a civilization
during this time.
He said, basically,
what it proves
is your dates are right on.
Recently, the UK
announced they are
going to build a tunnel
under Stonehenge.
>>DAVID CAMERON:
This is different
because the green light is on.
I put it on.
And the money can be spent
today, tomorrow, getting
going on the plan that
needs to be put in place.
>>SONJA: And the world
shrieked and said, no.
The entire UK said, oh, my god.
And it's not directly
underneath the stone circle.
It is nearby.
And it is to help direct
traffic, because it's such
a heavily trafficked area.
I think this is a huge mistake.
I think that it's
going to disrupt
the land and the stones.
And I also feel that
what's going to happen
is they're going to run
into a trove of artifacts.
And, yay, for the
archaeologists.
It will be a wonderful
dig site for them
and the tunnel will be scrapped.
But I think that this is a
disruption to a place that
really needs to be preserved.
It needs to be protected.
And I know the people of the UK
are really hoping and praying
that this doesn't happen.
There's a lot of places
around the world that
have been destroyed.
Different groups have blown
up areas that are very ancient
and really, really
sacred to many people.
It's sad.
It's very hard on all of
us to have this happening.
But I feel that as we come to
the end of a phase of humanity,
we're not necessarily going
to witness such a fall as we
did with Atlantis and Lumeria.
But we may actually see
some of these ancient sites
fall, symbolically representing
what happened back then.
There's a new phase of
humanity that will begin.
And many of the children
that are being born today
are star seeds, just like
we were back during the time
that we all came through.
They're coming through
now to govern and take
care of this planet.
This transition that
we're in and the end
of a phase of humanity
is a good thing.
It's something that we,
as souls, many of us
old souls who have
been incarnating
since the time of
Atlantis and Lumeria,
have an opportunity now
to help those new star
seeds that are being born.
We're able to help
them understand
what has happened
during our time
and now what they have
to look forward to.
It's really up to
us that we help
them learn how to
take care of the Earth
and how to understand the
energies of this planet.
So I see this changing of
the guards as a good thing.
I think that we're ushering in
a new phase of humanity that
will bring about a
non-dualistic reality.
When people think about where
do I belong in the universe,
it's a really complex view.
My understanding is
we have dimensions.
And dimensions are huge.
We're in the fifth
dimension right now.
And that envelops
our entire galaxy.
Then we have realms.
And realms are energies
that we exist in.
The Earth is in the second
realm, which is combative.
It's disruptive.
It's earthquakes and
volcanoes and all kinds
of things happening.
Then we have all of this
going on at the same time,
people in different realms.
We're in this fifth dimension.
There's other dimensional
openings happening
in the fifth dimension.
This is like mind
blowing for all of us,
because during the
fourth dimension
we did not experience that.
But when the Mayan
calendar ended
and we moved into
the fifth dimension,
all of these different
portals started opening up.
Since we've moved into
the fifth dimension,
we are in a much
higher frequency.
The energy is so intense
that people can no longer
do things the way that they did
them in the fourth dimension.
My best example is people
who sell real estate.
It's not like it was back
in the fourth dimension.
There is, for all of
us, in all industries,
the need to almost be
in some kind of service
to a higher power, to
a higher understanding.
All of us have this spiritual
awakening happening.
And so many people have this
desire to find themselves,
to understand their
purpose, to know
why they're here on the planet.
And this has to do with
this higher frequency.
And all of us moving
from the heart chakra
into the fifth chakra.
So we're verbal.
We're more expressive.
There's all kinds of exposure
to these things that have never
been said or talked
about, secrets
that have been uncovered.
This is a part of
that fifth dimension.
This is a part of us
experiencing this fifth chakra
on a really big level.
The trick is for
people not to just zoom
right up into the sixth chakra,
because we get really mental
in this fifth dimension.
We start thinking our
way through everything.
We start being obsessive
with opening that third eye
and figuring everything out.
When I spirit traveled
to Hagar Qim, which
is on the island of Malta,
it's just south of Italy,
the oldest standing stone
religious site on the planet
is there.
It's Hagar Qim.
And this site was the
most mind boggling
to discover, to experience.
I was literally lost in the
maze, because it's like a maze.
It's huge.
And when I went there
in my spirit travels,
the goddess who takes care
of this site came to me.
And she walked me down the
hallway to these two rooms.
And she said, I want you to
experience these two rooms.
And I walked into the one on the
left, which was absolute joy.
It was like bliss.
I was so happy.
And everything in it
represented goodness.
And then I came out of that
room and she said, now,
I want you to walk into this
room and experience this.
And it was the scariest place
I've ever been in my life.
It was everything that is
dark and scary and awful.
And I came running out of that
room and stood in the middle.
And she said, back during
Atlantis, she said,
I took care of the people.
And she said, I'm here
on the island of Malta
to take care of this site
because this site represented
the balance of all duality.
These two rooms in
this ceremonial chamber
was the balancing point
of the entire planet.
She said, these
were built to keep
the planet and all that is good
and all that is bad in balance.
And this is what I teach.
This is what I take into
my meditation retreats.
This is what I
teach the people is
how we sit constantly
engaging in what is good
and what is bad.
And our whole galaxy having
moved into the fifth dimension
is also now experiencing
this outer measuring system
splitting apart.
It is not going to
be what we measure
with 100 years from now.
Inside each of us
we have a soul body.
And that soul body has already
a measuring system within it.
We understand innately how
things are right or wrong,
good or bad.
But we don't tend
to rely upon that.
We tend to go
outside of ourselves.
And we get side
tracked from that.
We're handed this beautiful
palette with emotions on it.
And we have this
overwhelming amnesia
that we walk into
this life with.
And we're busy tending
to these emotions.
Let me paint my day
with a little joy
and, oh, I feel anxiety, and
how about a little resentment.
And so we're painting our
lives with these emotions.
And our energy is
leaving our body,
connecting with like energy.
That's what creates more karma.
I think it's really
important for people
to understand that the process
that we all need to go through
and to get out of creating
more karma is inside.
It's an inside job in
this fifth dimension.
We really have to go inward
and do the processing,
understand what our
emotional wounds are,
and really make some space so
that this higher frequency,
this fifth dimension,
can be met,
because it's not
going to meet us.
We have to meet it.
We have to do the work in
order to survive this higher
frequency.
Every day, I work on
people as a healer.
I work on hearts and livers
and spleens and kidneys.
I repair tissue.
I repair lesions.
I do the equivalency
of a triple bypass.
I'm like an energy surgeon.
And in this work,
what I see day in
and day out is people
who are struggling,
people who don't understand
that physical illness
is actually an emotional
component, an emotional wound
stored in the body that's
festered and become
a cancer or some
kind of illness.
So this process of
helping people, not only
excavate the emotional part of
that, but then working on them
and helping them to
heal the physical to me
is the component that we need
to all look at and understand
when it comes to how
are we going to evolve.
We can look at evolution
and spiritualism
outside of ourselves and
think that everything's love
and light and really groovy.
But in fact, we
really need to own
what's going on
inside of ourselves,
really do the work internally,
and excavate those things that
have caused us
pain and repeating
of patterns and cycles
our whole lives,
because we can't continue
in this addicted society
that we live in,
where we're just
finding external things to
occupy ourselves and be really
distracted by.
It's time.
This fifth dimension
requires us to do the work.
When we do the work, which
is a lifelong process,
we get to where we're trying
to get to, which is a higher
state of consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]